README-GETTING-STARTED.md, before:

# JellyBOX Essentials

_Hi! Welcome to the land of JellyBOX!_
_We are incredibly excited you we have crossed paths. Can't wait for you to get started._

## Click Here: [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)
- is the one link you really really need.
- all the other links, and most up-to-date, you'll find there.
 - one link to rule them all...

![](http://i.imgur.com/SOItnvE.png)

<hr>

## SUPPORT
If you ever encounter any issues during your building or printing, talk to us at http://imade3d.com/support, email support@imade3d.com, or tweet at @yesIMADE3D.

<div class="page-break"></div>

## THIS SD CARD
- By default, we ship the JellyBOX with an SD card pre-loaded with a selection of 3D models, ready-to-print files, and links to documentation and additional downloads.
- If you ever lose or delete this card, you can download the latest version as a zip archive at our **JB ESSENTIALS GitHub**
  -  [github.com/IMADE3D/JellyBOX-Essentials/releases](https://github.com/IMADE3D/JellyBOX-Essentials/releases).

## HOWTO BUILD JELLYBOX
- [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)
- JellyBOX Build Guide is here!
- JellyBOX HowTo (Usage) Guide is here!
- You should come over as well.

## HOWTO USE JELLYBOX
- [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)
- I think I already mentioned this.

## CURA 2
- 3D models need to be processed or 'sliced' to be 3D-printable (we go into more detail in the Docs.)
- We recommend using Cura as your first all-purpose slicer. It is open-source, free, and always rapidly improving.
- More info, installation guide, setup... on the [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)

## GCODES - ready to print
- gcode is a 3D file processed for 3D printing.
- These are READY-to-PRINT. Just select using the LCD controller.
- There's a basic cube, spiralized cube, small duck sliced for TPU (rubber) and PLA, little articulated print-in-place fish, and finally the uber-popular hybrid gear bearing (modeled by Whosawhatsis) and sliced as a single-wall quick print.
- **Alert: You can only run compatible gcodes - at the very least they must have G28; G29; at the beginning.**
  - All gcodes sliced with our presets are compatible.
  - (If you don't know what this means, head over to [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support) and take it slow

<div class="page-break"></div>

## 3D MODELS - ready to slice
  - you can experiment with slicing on these without having to go fishing for files online first. We also include a good range of calibration objects so you can perfect your slicing skill.
  - 'STLs' slang-known
  - Get more models at [Thingiverse](http://www.thingiverse.com/), [Youmagine](https://www.youmagine.com/), [Yeggi](http://www.yeggi.com/).
  - Or, get 3D modeling with [TinkerCAD](https://www.tinkercad.com/), [OpenSCAD](http://www.openscad.org/), or [Fusion360](http://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview).
  - Or any other 3D modeling program.

## Unverified Bleeding Edge Info for Hackers
- Well, our [GitHub Hub](https://github.com/IMADE3D)
- But also: http://bit.ly/imade3d-jellybox-resources
 - In this gdoc, you’ll find a bleeding edge community guided notes on Jellybox. It’s an impromptu forum in a way. Troubleshooting, links to resources, etc. If you want to be experimenting and the Docs are not enough, here you go.

## Firmware-Marlin
- Firmware is the brains of the printer. Or, it's the code that determines how the brain functions. Over time, we add features and fix mistakes of the past, which makes JellyBOX work better. When there is a new firmware version, you should upgrade.
- To upgrade your firmware, please head over [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support) or straight to our [github.com/IMADE3D/Marlin/releases](https://github.com/IMADE3D/Marlin/releases)
- There's instructions on Upgrading Firmware in the infamous JellyBOX Docs though [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support))

<hr>

_Keep calm and print on!_
_~Filip_

Commit message:

update the readme with forum info
forum.imade3d.com is in
everything else goes to imade3d.com/support
docs are not in yet, but they are on the support page

README-GETTING-STARTED.md, after:

# JellyBOX Essentials

_Hi! Welcome to the land of JellyBOX!_
_We are incredibly excited you we have crossed paths. Can't wait for you to get started._

## Click Here: [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)
- is the one link you really really need.
- all the other links, and most up-to-date, you'll find there.
 - one link to rule them all...

![](http://i.imgur.com/SOItnvE.png)

<hr>

## SUPPORT & HELP

### Many to One Help

http://forum.imade3d.com is the first support authority. Common folk and IMDADE3D staff roam the forum hand in hand. Come and join. We are friendly and eager to help you out.

### One to One Help
If you ever encounter any issues during your building or printing, talk to us at http://imade3d.com/support, email support@imade3d.com, or tweet at @yesIMADE3D.


<div class="page-break"></div>

## IMADE3D SD CARD
- By default, we ship the JellyBOX with an SD card pre-loaded with a selection of 3D models, ready-to-print files, and links to documentation and additional downloads.
- If you ever lose or delete this card, you can download the latest version as a zip archive at our **JB ESSENTIALS GitHub**
  -  [github.com/IMADE3D/JellyBOX-Essentials/releases](https://github.com/IMADE3D/JellyBOX-Essentials/releases).

## HOWTO BUILD JELLYBOX
- [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)
- JellyBOX Build Guide is here!
- JellyBOX HowTo (Usage) Guide is here!
- You should come over as well.

## HOWTO USE JELLYBOX
- [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)
- I think I already mentioned this.

## CURA 2
- 3D models need to be processed or 'sliced' to be 3D-printable (we go into more detail in the Docs.)
- We recommend using Cura as your first all-purpose slicer. It is open-source, free, and always rapidly improving.
- More info, installation guide, setup... on the [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support)

## GCODES - ready to print
- gcode is a 3D file processed for 3D printing.
- These are READY-to-PRINT. Just select using the LCD controller.
- There's a basic cube, spiralized cube, small duck sliced for TPU (rubber) and PLA, little articulated print-in-place fish, and finally the uber-popular hybrid gear bearing (modeled by Whosawhatsis) and sliced as a single-wall quick print.
- **Alert: You can only run compatible gcodes - at the very least they must have G28; G29; at the beginning.**
  - All gcodes sliced with our presets are compatible.
  - (If you don't know what this means, head over to [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support) and take it slow

<div class="page-break"></div>

## 3D MODELS - ready to slice
  - you can experiment with slicing on these without having to go fishing for files online first. We also include a good range of calibration objects so you can perfect your slicing skill.
  - 'STLs' slang-known
  - Get more models at [Thingiverse](http://www.thingiverse.com/), [Youmagine](https://www.youmagine.com/), [Yeggi](http://www.yeggi.com/).
  - Or, get 3D modeling with [TinkerCAD](https://www.tinkercad.com/), [OpenSCAD](http://www.openscad.org/), or [Fusion360](http://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview).
  - Or any other 3D modeling program.

## Firmware-Marlin
- Firmware is the brains of the printer. Or, it's the code that determines how the brain functions. Over time, we add features and fix mistakes of the past, which makes JellyBOX work better. When there is a new firmware version, you should upgrade.
- To upgrade your firmware, please head over [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support) or straight to our [github.com/IMADE3D/Marlin/releases](https://github.com/IMADE3D/Marlin/releases)
- There's instructions on Upgrading Firmware in the infamous JellyBOX Docs though [IMADE3D.com/support](http://IMADE3D.com/support))

<hr>

_Keep calm and print on!_
_~Filip_
